=head1 NAME

MinorImpact::Manual::Configuration

=head1 DESCRIPTION

By default, MinorImpact will look for a configration file at /etc/minorimpact.conf.  There are multiple ways to define 
the configuration file for a given application, however.  Each one of the following will be checked, in order, until a 
valid configuration is discovered.

=head2 Setting Configuration Options...

=head3 ...from a Hash

You can embedd configuration options directly in your application by passing a hash pointer to the "config" parameter when
you create the MinorImpact object:

    $MINORIMPACT = new MinorImpact({
                        config => { 
                            log_method => "file, 
                            log_file => "/var/log/minorimpact.conf" 
                        }
                    });
    
=head3 ...from a File

Similarly, you can pass a the name of a file that contains the configuration settings to the using the "config_file"
when you create the MinorImpact object.

    $MINORIMPACT = new MinorImpact({config_file => "/etc/minorimpact.conf"});
    
=head3 ...from an Environment Variable

You can also set the $MINORIMPACT_CONFIG environment variable to the filename that contains the configuration options for
application.

    export MINORIMPACT_CONFIG="/etc/minorimpact.conf"
    
=head3 ...from a Local Configuration File

If a file called "../conf/minorimpact.conf" exists, MinorImpact will read that for configuration information.  Specifically
for running applications where the main script is in a "bin" directory, parallel to "lib" and "conf".

=head3 ...from a Global Configuration File

If none of the other methods result in a configuration, MinorImpact will look for a file called "/etc/minorimpact.conf."

=head2 Settings

=head3 Sections

Configuration options are grouped into multiple sections, the global, or "default" section, the
"db" section, which contains database configuration parameters, and "user_db", which is
identical to the "db", but defines the connection properties for connecting to a separate
database for user authentication.  This is only useful for having multiple MinorImpact applications
that need to share a common userbase. Other sections are listed below.

=head4 default

=over

=item application_id

String used to differentiate log entries in multiple applications
that might be writing to the same file or using syslog. 
DEFAULT: minorimpact

=item log_file

Name of the file to save log entries to.  Only valid when "log_method" is 
set to *file*.  Logging is disabled if "log_method" is set to *file*
and this value not set. DEFAULT: None.

=item log_method

Method of logging output from L<MinorImpact::log()|/log>.  Valid options are *file*, 
*syslog* and *stderr*.  DEFAULT: *file*

=item memcached_server

Set this to the name of your memcached server to enable memcached caching.  If this is not
set, MinorImpact will use the "/tmp/cache" directory.

=item pretty_urls

Set to *true* if MinorImpact should generate links as http://example.com/action 
rather than http://example.com/cgi-bin/index.cgi?a=action. DEFAULT: false

=item template_directory

Directory that contains template files for this application.  Can be also be set (or
overridden) by the value of $MINORIMPACT_TEMPLATE environment variable.

=back

=head4 db/user_db

=over

=item database

Name of the database to use for storing MinorImpact application data.

=item db_host

Name of the database server.

=item db_password

Databse user password.

=item db_port

Database connection port.

=item db_user

Database user name.

=back

=head4 site

WWW specific application settings.

=over

=item copyright

Text to include at the bottom of every page.  YEAR is automatically translated to the current
year.  For example:

  copyright = "&copy;YEAR Minor Impact"

=item header_color

Header bar color.  Supports the default HTML color names: L<https://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_names.asp>.

=item no_login_links

If 'true', disables login links in the default header.  This doesn't disable 
logins on the site, it just removes the links.  Setting this value also sets
C<no_register_links>.

=item no_register_links

If 'true', disables user registration links on the default header.  This doesn't disable registrations, it just removes the links.

=item no_search

If true, do not display the search bar in the default header.

=item no_tags

True or false - controls whether or not a 'Tags' link appears on the sidebar.

=back

=head2 Example

  application_id = minorimpact
  log_method = file
  log_file = /var/log/minorimpact.log

  [db]
    database = minorimpact
    db_host = localhost
    db_port = 3306
    db_user = minorimpact
    db_password = minorimpactpw

  [user_db]
    database = minorimpact_user
    db_host = remote
    db_port = 3306
    db_user = minorimpact
    db_password = minorimpactpw

  [site]
    copyright = "&copy;YEAR Minor Impact"
    no_search = true

=head1 AUTHOR

Patrick Gillan <pgillan@minorimpact.com>

=cut
