=head1 NAME

MinorImpact::Manual::Installation

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 Installing the Packages

=head3 RedHat/CentOS

=head4 Git

 $ git clone https://github.com/minorimpact/perl-minorimpact.git
 $ export PERL5LIB=$PERL5LIB:$PWD/perl-minorimpact
 $ yum -y install epel-release

=head4 RPM

Add the Minor Impact repository information to /etc/yum.repos.d/minorimpact.repo:

  [minorimpact]
    name=Minor Impact Tools/Libraries
    baseurl=https://minorimpact.com/repo
    enabled=1
    gpgcheck=1
    gpgkey=https://minorimpact.com/RPM-GPG-KEY-minorimpact

Install the package:

  $ yum -y install epel-release perl-MinorImpact

=head3 Database Configuration

Set up a database to use, if you don't already have one.  Included are basic instructions for installing a mysql database here, just for testing purposes.

  # yum install mariadb-server
  # systemctl mariadb start
  # mysql -e 'create database minorimpact;'
  # mysql -e "CREATE USER 'minorimpact'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'minorimpact';"
  # mysql -e "CREATE USER 'minorimpact'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY 'minorimpact';"
  # mysql -e "GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON minorimpact.* to 'minorimpact'@'localhost';"
  # mysql -e "GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON minorimpact.* to 'minorimpact'@'%';"

=head3 Configuration File

Create /etc/minorimpact.conf, if it doesn't already exist, and add the following database connection information:

  db:
    database = minorimpact
    db_host = localhost
    db_port = 3306
    db_user = minorimpact
    db_password = minorimpact

See L<MinorImpact::Manual::Configuration|MinorImpact::Manual::Configuration> for more configuration options.

=head3 Users

Change the admin user password by running the update_user.pl script installed from minorimpact-util.

  # /opt/minorimpact/bin/update_user.pl -u admin -p admin
  Enter password for admin: admin
  Enter new password for admin:
                         Again:

Add a new user for yourself:

  # /opt/minorimpact/bin/add_user.pl -u admin -a yes <user>
  Enter password for admin:
  Enter new password for <user>:
                          Again:

By default, MinorImpact will create a passwordless user in the database for any local
user running a MinorImpact script, based on the value on the $USER environment varable.
You can set a password for one of these users by running:

  # /opt/minorimpact/bin/update_user.pl -u admin -p <user>

=head1 EXAMPLES

=head2 Site

=over

Here is a simple example of a complete MinorImact website.

=item /etc/minorimpact.com/minorimpact.com.conf

Assuming multiple applications, each one needs it's own config file.  If you're running multiple applications, include an `application_id`, so the logs and caches won't overlap.

    application_id = minorimpact.com
    pretty_urls = true
    template_directory = /var/www/minorimpact.com/template

    [db]
        database = minorimpact
        db_host = db
        db_port = 3306
        db_user = <user>
        db_password = <password>

    [site]
        copyright = "&copy;YEAR NAME"
        name = "Minor Impact"

=item /etc/conf.d/minorimpact.com.conf

A real apache config will have more options than this, obviously, but these are the essential settings.  The RewriteEngine rules are really only necessary if you set `pretty_urls` in the minorimpact.com.conf file, $MINORIMPACT_CONFIG variable only matters if you if you have multiple applications (with multiple config files), and the $PERL5LIB variable doesn't have to be set if your application doesn't have any local libraries, but I included them for clarity.

    DocumentRoot "/var/www/minorimpact.com/html"
    
    <Directory "/var/www/minorimpact.com/html">
        AllowOverride None
        Require all granted
        DirectoryIndex index.html
        RewriteEngine On
        RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
        RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d
        RewriteRule ^(.*)\/([0-9a-z_\-]+)(.*)$ /cgi-bin/index.cgi?a=$1&id=$2$3 [L,QSA]
        RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
        RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d
        RewriteRule ^([a-z0-9_\-]*)$ /cgi-bin/index.cgi?a=$1 [L,QSA]
    </directory>
    
    ScriptAlias /cgi-bin "/var/www/minorimpact.com/cgi-bin"
    
    SetEnv MINORIMPACT_CONFIG /etc/minorimpact/minorimpact.com.conf
    SetEnv MINORIMPACT_TEMPLATE /var/www/minorimpact.com/template
    SetEnv PERL5LIB /var/www/minorimpact.com/lib

=item /var/www/minorimpact.com/html/index.html

There may be a way to do this redirect to the cgi in the apache config file, but it's one line and in twenty years I've never bothered to figure it out.

<meta http-equiv='refresh' content='0;url=/cgi-bin/index.cgi'>

=item /var/www/minorimpact.com/cgi-bin/index.cgi

The actual `index.cgi` script is the final file we need to install for our application, and the only action sub we need to override is the L<index|MinorImpact::WWW/index> action - and only so we can define the query has we need to populate the object list on the default index page.

    #!/usr/bin/perl
    
    use MinorImpact;
    use MinorImpact::Util;
    
    MinorImpact::www({
        actions => {
            index => \&index,
            register => \&index,
        },
        site_config => {
            no_collections => 'true',
            no_login_links => 'true',
            no_tags => 'true'
        }
    
    });
    
    sub index {
        my $MINORIMPACT = shift || return;
        my $params = shift || {};
    
        $params->{query} = { object_type_id => 'MinorImpact::entry', 
                public => 1,
                'sort' => -1, 
                "publish_date<" => toMysqlDate() 
        } ;
        MinorImpact::WWW::index($MINORIMPACT, $params);
    }

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Patrick Gillan <pgillan@minorimpact.com>

=cut
