=head1 NAME

MinorImpact::Manual::Templates

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A collection of prebuilt application templates based on the L<Template Toolkit|https://metacpan.org/pod/Template>
library and generated via the L<MinorImpact::tt()|MinorImpact/tt> subroutine.

=head1 VARIABLES

Common variables that are supported by many MinorImpact L<action|/"action-templates"> or L<included|/"included-templates"> templates.

=head2 errors

A list of strings to include as error messages to the user.
See L<error|/error>.

  push(@errors, "Invalid login.");
  MinorImpact::tt('login', { errors => [ @errors ] });

=head2 objects

A list of L<MinorImpact objects|MinorImpact::Object> to display on a page.

  MinorImpact::tt("index", { objects => [ @objects ] });

=head2 title

The page title.

  MinorImpact::tt($template_name, { title => "Page Name" });

=head1 METHODS

A handful of MinorImpact methods are available to use from within templates.

=head2 url

=over

=item url(\%params)

Generates an application URL. See L<MinorImpact::url()|MinorImpact/url>.

=back

  <a href='[% url({ action=>'add', object_type_id=>4 }) %]' title='Add Entry'>Add Entry</a>

=head3 Parameters

=over

=item action

=item object_type_id

=back

=head1 ACTION TEMPLATES

=head2 index

Intended to be a generic landing page, this will generate a list of objects from the "objects"
variable.

  MinorImpact::tt("index", { objects => [ @objects ] });


=head3 Includes

=over

=item L<header|/header>

=over

=item L<header_css|/header_css>

=over

=item L<css|/css>

Note that header_css creates an html stylesheet link to this resource; it's not technically an INCLUDE, it's actually
served up as a top level page.

=over

=item L<css_site|/css_site>

=back

=back

=item L<header_javascript|/header_javascript>

=item L<header_search|/header_search>

=item L<header_site|/header_site>

=item L<sidebar_site|/sidebar_site>

=item L<error|/error>
  
=back

=back

=over

=item L<list_object|/list_object>

=over

=item L<list_object_site|/list_object_site>

=item L<object|/object>

=back

=back

=over

=item L<footer|/footer>

=over

=item L<copyright|/copyright>

=item L<footer_javascript|/footer_javascript>

=over

=item L<footer_javascript_site|/footer_javascript_site>

=back

=back

=back

=head1 INCLUDED TEMPLATES

=head2 copyright

Dumps the value defined in the 'copyright' option in the 
L<E<sol>etcE<sol>minorimpact.conf|MinorImpact/CONFIGURATION> file.

=head2 css

Site wide style sheet.

=head2 css_site

Add custom style sheet entries here.

=head2 error

The template for outputing error messages.  Displays errors passed as an array pointer to the 
L<MinorImpact::tt()|MinorImpact/tt> sub.

  push(@errors, "Invalid login.");
  MinorImpact::tt('login', { errors => [ @errors ] });

=head2 footer

=head2 footer_javascript

Default site javascript that goes in E<lt>footerE<gt>.

=head2 footer_javascript_site

Add custom javascript here.  You must include the surrounding E<lt>scriptE<gt> tags.

=head2 header

Included at the top of most pages, includes DOCTYPE and meta tags, and CGI headers. If you override
this template with your own, remember to account for  the "Content-type: text/html\n\n" header, which is
included in the default.  The stock version of this template also includes generic top and side navigation
bars, a search box, and links to various site functions, including user login and settings.  Subject to change
and may not be suitable for some (or any) applications.

=head3 Variables

=over

=item title

Use this as the page E<lt>titleE<gt>.  Can be set when the main page is called:

  MinorImpact::tt($template_name, { title => "Page Name" });

...or set from the calling template:

  [% INCLUDE header title='Page Name' %]

=back

=head2 header_css

Includes external libraries and creates a html "stylesheet" link to L<css|/css>.

=head2 header_javascript

=head2 header_script

Default site javascript that goes in E<lt>headE<gt>.

=head2 header_site

Add custom html to the header here.

=head2 list_object

Generates a list of L<object|/object> templates from the "objects" array passed to 
L<MinorImpact::tt()|MinorImpact/tt>.

  MinorImpact::tt($template_name, { objects => [ @objects ] });

=head2 list_object_site

Insert custom template output here.

=head2 object

Called for each object in the "objects" array, this is a fairly complicated template designed to output
a L<MinorImpact object|MinorImpact::Object>'s L<toString() method|MinorImpact::Object/toString>, with the
"column" format.

=head2 sidebar_site

Add custom sidebare entries here.  Items should follow the format:

            <div class="w3-row">
                <div class="w3-col s3">
                    &nbsp;
                </div>
                <div class="w3-col s9">
                    <a class="w3-bar-item w3-button" href='[% url({ action=>'ACTION' }) %]'>TEXT</a>
                </div>
            </div>

=head1 AUTHOR

Patrick Gillan <pgillan@minorimpact.com>

=cut
